# Etomon Location

Etomon Location provides a client/server for getting location information (like country code, or timezone) given inputs like
coordinates (lat/lng), a keyword (like "New York City"), or an IP Address.

The project provides the address resolver (`api/server/GeoResolver`) along with express routes (`api/server/routes`)
that exposes a JSON RPC interface to interact with the library remotely.

A client implementation is also provided (`api/client/GeoClient`) that runs in the browser or in node.

## Requirements

This library has two external dependencies
* Access to the Google Places, Geocoding, Timezone and Autocomplete APIs. This service is **not** free.
* The Maxmind GeoIP City database, which is available for free with registration.

The Places API is needed to make sense of addresses and coordinates, the Geocoding API for timezone data, the Autocomplete
API for places autocomplete, and GeoIP to get location data from IP addresses.

## Caching 

An instance of LevelUp can be passed into the `GeoResolver` constructor to cache results. **This practice is disallowed** 
by the Google Places API Terms of Service. The functionality is included for testing purposes only, using it in production
violates the Google Places API Terms of Service.

## Documentation

Documentation can be generated by running `npm run docs` and opening `docs/index.html` or by visiting the [GitHub pages](https://etomonusa.github.io/etomon-location/)
for this project.

## Testing

Tests are written in mocha, run with `npm test`.

You'll need to set the `GOOGLE_API_KEY` and `GEO_IP_CITY_PATH` env variables with the resources described above.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU LGPL-3.0 a copy of which can be found in `LICENSE.txt`. 
